English: Google Inc. is an American multinational corporation specializing in Internet-related services and products. These include search, cloud computing, software, and online advertising technologies. Most of its profits are derived from AdWords. Numerous Google sites in other languages figure in the top one hundred, as do several other Google-owned sites such as YouTube and Blogger. This model of selling keyword advertising was first pioneered by Goto.com, an Idealab spin-off created by Bill Gross. Google was founded by Larry Page and Sergey Brin while they were Ph.D. students at Stanford University. Together they own about 16 percent of its shares. They incorporated Google as a privately held company on September 4, 1998. An initial public offering followed on August 19, 2004. The corporation has been estimated to run more than one million servers in data centers around the world and to process over one billion search requests and about 24 petabytes of user-generated data each day. Page and Brin originally nicknamed their new search engine "BackRub", because the system checked backlinks to estimate the importance of a site. Eventually, they changed the name to Google, originating from a misspelling of the word googol. Brin and Page decided that the search engine they had developed was taking up too much time and distracting their academic pursuits. They went to Excite CEO George Bell and offered to sell it to him for $1 million. He rejected the offer and later criticized Vinod Khosla, one of Excite's venture capitalists, after he negotiated Brin and Page down to $750,000. In March 1999, the company moved its offices to Palo Alto, California, which is home to several prominent Silicon Valley technology startups. Google's corporate philosophy includes principles such as "you can make money without doing evil," "you can be serious without a suit," and work should be challenging and the challenge should be fun.

Francoarab: Bey2ollak howa mobile we internet community te2dar menoh te3raf aw te2ool 3ala el shaware3 wel ma7awer wel kabary eza kanet za7ma aw fadya. Mat3aradsh nafsak lel khatar wetzawed el sor3a mahma 7asal. Mashy ya3ne till l manssa aho. Lazeez. Za7ma mashya we betfok besor3a. 3ady bete7sal. YALLA khaleek motafa2el. 3ashan tenzel 3alatool 3al comments, doos hena. Zabatnalko El toro2, boso 3la tare2ko abl ma tet7arako, tewsalo b Alf Salama. Da2ery Zera3y To Me7war za7ma 2ble el me7war b 1.5 kilometer. Taxi driver shoof ya prince l balad 3amla ezay we l donya za7ma. Ana: wana mal omy soo2 wenta saket. Khalifa ElMa2moun 3abasseya to Esharet Roxy we7sh. Ana, yala ne5rog, facebook, sa7by 2aly ma5rogsh 3ashan fee shabora welnahrda hayeb2a za7ma awy. Fi taslee7at 3al da2ery ba3d nazlet waslet el maryouteya heading to wa7at road 3amla shwayet za7ma. Enta dakhel elganna 7adf. raye7 fain? dakhel aghayar. mashy. Sa7i7 l match fi botola faksana bas l 3aknana 3ala l faree2 l Arsenal kaiif bardo. ya 3am botola day3aa. Yalahwi 3ala sakhafet el gabo ahlek ya3ni. a cute enty ya5rbeet om gamal abo shaklek besra7a ya3ny. Abo om el ta3leem 3ale 3ayez yet3alem aslan. El wa7ed 3ayz yesafer wallahy. Ismailia Road-3obour To Kobry Haykstep. Nafa2 ElAzhar To West ElBalad. anhy feehom? Midan El Ta7rir. Salah Salem mashy kwayes men Ard El M3ared. Mn kobry elgla2 le kobry elmtar. a l nezam? Tab so2al kaman, law da7'alt youssef abbas mn salah salem sha3'al wla ma2fool brdo? Ba7r el a3zam ma2saaa! Mnta lama t2fl elshawar3 ely 7wlen elmoderya w elnahda. lazm elmondseen tt7wl le parking. A B Traffic msh 3ndko ya Gahala. Me7war Sa3d ElShazly-To Da2ery 7alawa. Da2ery-Suez Rd. To Nafa2 ElSalam 7alawa. Didn't download it bs walahy awel manzlo htb2a awel wa7ed promise, hyb3tooly mail bokra. Eih el nezam? kobry el geish to sefaret el emirate is 20mins. kameen kal 3ada. 7alawa till mirage city. opera and nadi el ahly karsaaaaa. ma5rag kobry asr el nile. shagret el dor to kobry october. Gam3et el dewal st. Etgah zamakek.